DRIVERS-2327: limit prose test to server versions 6.0+ (#1304)
mongodb/specifications: source/retryable-writes/tests/README.rst

   2. only run against replica sets as mongos does not propagate the
      NoWritesPerformed label to the drivers.

>    3. be run against server versions 4.4 and above.

Author: ```suggestion
   3. be run against server versions 6.0 and above.
```
